DOCS-10337 cookies (Apr 15) (#132)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/about-administration-tasks.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Exchange administrators have permissions to perform these tasks:

* xref:to-share-an-asset.adoc[Share an asset]
+

> Grant access to an asset to a user in your organization, to everyone in your organization, or to everyone in a chosen external organization, or publish an API asset to a public portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can grant specific users access to an asset in your organization, to everyone in your organization, to everyone in a chosen external organization, or publish an API asset to a public portal.
```

Author: Kim's style guide at https://wiki.corp.mulesoft.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+Writing+Style+Reference says not to use modal verbs, especially "can," "may," and "might," so I reworded this to improve the sentence without modal verbs.

* xref:to-save-searches.adoc[Save searches]
+
Save and maintain searches for assets within a business group.
* xref:to-enable-the-request-access-button.adoc[Use API Manager to add the Request Access button]
+
Specify which API assets can be shared with users.
* xref:to-deprecate-asset.adoc[Deprecate an asset]
+
Remove access to a version of an asset but keep other versions of the asset available to users.
* xref:to-set-permissions.adoc[Set Exchange role permissions]
+

> Grant Exchange administrator, contributor, or viewer permissions to members of your organization, and optionally provide role access for individual assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can grant?? Exchange Administrator, Exchange Contributor??, or Exchange Viewer?? permissions to members of your organization, and optionally provide role access for individual assets.
```
Provide role access--is this correct?

Author: Yes, this provides role access. Good catch on the capitalization! Fixed.
